healthvault/publishing/go-live.md, before:

---
title: Go live
author: jhutchings1
ms.author: justhu
ms.date: 04/12/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: healthvault
description: Understand the process for publishing your app in the HealthVault production environment. You must complete this process before you can use your app with real customers. 
---

Go-live guide
=============

It’s easy to get started with HealthVault. There is no charge during the first year of use, up to 250,000 user accounts. Please [contact our business team](https://www.healthvault.com/en-us/contact-us) for pricing details thereafter. We have plans designed to meet the needs of organizations of all sizes.

The Go-Live process typically takes two to four weeks depending upon how closely you have followed the instructions and guidelines below. However, the go-live process can take significantly less time when the HealthVault application and all documentation is ready. If you already have a live application that is integrated with the HealthVault production environment and you are planning to ship an update, please review the guide [Updating a HealthVault-integrated application](/healthvault/publishing/updates).

1.  ### **Microsoft HealthVault Solution Provider Agreement**

    Contact the HealthVault Business Development team to complete your Solution Provider Agreement. The agreement includes requirements for your privacy statement, handling of end-user data, and use of Microsoft trademarks. A fully executed final agreement is required prior to go live authorization onto the HealthVault platform.

    To proceed, please contact our business team with our [business inquiry form](https://www.healthvault.com/inquiry/business) or email our team at <HVBD@microsoft.com>.

2.  ### **Application review**

    We will review several areas of your application before moving it to production:

    -   #### **Application configuration**

        Use the [Application Configuration Center (ACC)](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=838954) to be sure you have all details added to your configuration.

    -   #### **HealthVault integration**

        During the go-live review, we will see a demo of data integration between your application and HealthVault for all applicable: create, update, read, or delete HealthVault data.

    -   #### **Branding**

        Microsoft will conduct a visual review of all HealthVault branding included in your application. Please refer to [HealthVault brand materials](/healthvault/publishing/brand-materials) for the latest assets and guidelines on using the HealthVault brand.

        Please fill out the Application Data Sheet and Application Walkthrough documents and return them to the [HealthVault team](mailto:hvgolive@microsoft.com):

    -   #### **Application data sheet**

        We will use the Application Id in that document to verify that your application configuration complies with the guidelines. Please [download the Application Data Sheet template here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=839451).

    -   #### **Application walk-though**

        Compile a screenshot walk-through of your application's integration with HealthVault. Please [download the Application Walk-through template here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=839452).

    Once you return the Application Data Sheet and Application Walk-through documents to the HealthVault team, we will schedule a go-live review meeting to validate your application’s integration with HealthVault, use of HealthVault branding and configuration in ACC. We will push your application to production once all the issues identified during the review have been fixed.

    Be prepared to provide application support contact information so that Microsoft Customer Support can refer your customers to the right place. Please give your users this web address for HealthVault customer support: <https://www.healthvault.com/support>.

3.  ### **Application discoverability**

    When you announce to the world that your application is now HealthVault-enabled, you may also want to take advantage of the [HealthVault Apps & Devices Directory](https://account.healthvault.com/Directory) for your app and devices.

Templates

-   <a href="http://download.microsoft.com/download/7/4/E/74EA8944-199C-4F56-B3BB-8105869425BC/HealthVault%20Application%20Information%20Template.docx" id="RightRailLinkListSection_13814_22">Application data sheet</a>
-   <a href="http://download.microsoft.com/download/7/4/E/74EA8944-199C-4F56-B3BB-8105869425BC/HealthVault%20Application%20Walkthrough%20document.docx" id="RightRailLinkListSection_13814_23">Application walkthrough template</a>

Commit message:

Adding banner to go-live and becom a solution provider pages to remind providers we are not currently onboarding new apps at this time.

healthvault/publishing/go-live.md, after:

---
title: Go live
author: jhutchings1
ms.author: justhu
ms.date: 04/12/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: healthvault
description: Understand the process for publishing your app in the HealthVault production environment. You must complete this process before you can use your app with real customers. 
---

Go-live guide
=============

>## Thank you for your interest in HealthVault. Microsoft is making significant investments in healthcare technology to bring even greater value and benefits to our partners and customers.
>## In the near term, we are continuing to support our current Solutions Partners but are not onboarding new HealthVault Solutions Providers.

It’s easy to get started with HealthVault. There is no charge during the first year of use, up to 250,000 user accounts. Please [contact our business team](https://www.healthvault.com/en-us/contact-us) for pricing details thereafter. We have plans designed to meet the needs of organizations of all sizes.

The Go-Live process typically takes two to four weeks depending upon how closely you have followed the instructions and guidelines below. However, the go-live process can take significantly less time when the HealthVault application and all documentation is ready. If you already have a live application that is integrated with the HealthVault production environment and you are planning to ship an update, please review the guide [Updating a HealthVault-integrated application](/healthvault/publishing/updates).

1.  ### **Microsoft HealthVault Solution Provider Agreement**

    Contact the HealthVault Business Development team to complete your Solution Provider Agreement. The agreement includes requirements for your privacy statement, handling of end-user data, and use of Microsoft trademarks. A fully executed final agreement is required prior to go live authorization onto the HealthVault platform.

    To proceed, please contact our business team with our [business inquiry form](https://www.healthvault.com/inquiry/business) or email our team at <HVBD@microsoft.com>.

2.  ### **Application review**

    We will review several areas of your application before moving it to production:

    -   #### **Application configuration**

        Use the [Application Configuration Center (ACC)](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=838954) to be sure you have all details added to your configuration.

    -   #### **HealthVault integration**

        During the go-live review, we will see a demo of data integration between your application and HealthVault for all applicable: create, update, read, or delete HealthVault data.

    -   #### **Branding**

        Microsoft will conduct a visual review of all HealthVault branding included in your application. Please refer to [HealthVault brand materials](/healthvault/publishing/brand-materials) for the latest assets and guidelines on using the HealthVault brand.

        Please fill out the Application Data Sheet and Application Walkthrough documents and return them to the [HealthVault team](mailto:hvgolive@microsoft.com):

    -   #### **Application data sheet**

        We will use the Application Id in that document to verify that your application configuration complies with the guidelines. Please [download the Application Data Sheet template here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=839451).

    -   #### **Application walk-though**

        Compile a screenshot walk-through of your application's integration with HealthVault. Please [download the Application Walk-through template here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=839452).

    Once you return the Application Data Sheet and Application Walk-through documents to the HealthVault team, we will schedule a go-live review meeting to validate your application’s integration with HealthVault, use of HealthVault branding and configuration in ACC. We will push your application to production once all the issues identified during the review have been fixed.

    Be prepared to provide application support contact information so that Microsoft Customer Support can refer your customers to the right place. Please give your users this web address for HealthVault customer support: <https://www.healthvault.com/support>.

3.  ### **Application discoverability**

    When you announce to the world that your application is now HealthVault-enabled, you may also want to take advantage of the [HealthVault Apps & Devices Directory](https://account.healthvault.com/Directory) for your app and devices.

Templates

-   <a href="http://download.microsoft.com/download/7/4/E/74EA8944-199C-4F56-B3BB-8105869425BC/HealthVault%20Application%20Information%20Template.docx" id="RightRailLinkListSection_13814_22">Application data sheet</a>
-   <a href="http://download.microsoft.com/download/7/4/E/74EA8944-199C-4F56-B3BB-8105869425BC/HealthVault%20Application%20Walkthrough%20document.docx" id="RightRailLinkListSection_13814_23">Application walkthrough template</a>
